feat(nuxt-module): extendNuxtConfig in nuxt.config.js (#1443)
vuestorefront/shopware-pwa: docs/landing/operations/migrations/0.8.x_to_0.9.x.md

# Migrate version 0.8.x to 0.9.x <Badge text="canary" type="warning"/>

## Nuxt config changes <Badge text="BREAKING CHANGE" type="error"/>

In order to provide better experience we want to keep your `nuxt.config.js` file as clean as possible.

> You can now safely remove all things you haven't putted there yourself. Newly generated `nuxt.config.js` file can look like this

Reviewer: [...] you didn't put there yourself.

Author: ```suggestion
You can now safely remove all things you didn't put there by yourself. Newly generated `nuxt.config.js` file can look like this
```
